


1. Product -
            Master Entity which defines product which are  manufactured , marketed  and supplied by enterprise.
            Product can be tangible(physical) and not tangible(service / digital).
            This entity acts as central for inventory , order , catalog , category and shipment.

2. Product Attribute -
           A supporting entity when any attribute is not suitable or field is not there to put. this table is used to extend the details.
           custom or external systems attribute of products are stored.

3. Product Type -
           It defines the nature or behavior of products.
           ex - digital , physical or service.

4. Product Type Attribute -
           It Defines additional properties or configurations attributes applicable to a specific product type.

5. Good Identification -
            It Defines the good identification on item/product level, and it may have unique sequence/code numbers identifying each item individually / product.

6. Good Identification Type -
            It defines the natural or purpose of good identifications. It specifies what kind of identifications is used for product/item.

7. Product Assoc -
            It defines the relationship between two products. how one product is related with other products.
            how products are associated with each other.
            ex - virtual and variant products.

8. Product Assoc Type -
            It defines the nature or relationship/association applied between products.

9. Product Keyword -
            It stores the product id with particular product related keywords to identify it. later they or used for search engines for optimization.

10. Product Price -
            It describes the price related to product / item. It can be of any type say discount / tax / unit price.

11. Product Feature -
            It defines the characteristics , options or properties of product on which products are able to differentiate and configure.
            they are used for variants , filtering and comparisons.

12. Product Feature Type -
            Entity used to classify and define the nature of product features. It helps organize similar types of product to group together.

13. Product Feature Category -
            An entity used to group and organize related product features into broader categories for easier management and classification.
            It helps structure product features logically within the system.

14. Product Feature Category Appl -
            A mapping entity used to associate product features with a product feature category.
            It defines which features belong to a particular feature category from starting date to end date.

15. Product Feature Appl -
            It is a join entity links a product to one or more product feature and forms a relationship.

16. Product Feature Appl Attribute -
            Supportive entity for any optional or custom attribute which can not fit in product feature appl.

17. Product Category -
            It helps make the logical grouping of products forming category in which product comes. searching , navigations and catalog presentation.

18. Product Category Type -
            An entity used to classify and define the nature or purpose of a product category.
            It helps determine how a category is used within catalogs, storefronts, or internal business processes.

19. Product Category Type Attribute -

20. Product Category RollUp -
            It is a self referencing entity to product category which enables the way to form parent child relationship between product categories.

21. Product Category Member -
            It is a joining entity which joins product and product category. It helps associate products under a category and organize them.

22. ProdCatalog -
            A master entity used to organize and manage collections of product categories, products, pricing, and storefront-related configurations.
            A catalog acts as a high-level container for presenting products to customers.

23. Product Catalog Category -
            A join entity used to associate product categories with a product catalog.
            It defines which categories belong to a particular catalog and helps structure the catalog hierarchy.

24. Product Catalog Category Type -
            It defines the nature of catalog hierarchy type in a catalog. In a catalog exists many category and this entity maps.

25. Product Store -
            This Entity defines a product store in the system.

26. Product Store Catalog -
            This Entity maps a product store to product catalog.

27. Shopify Shop
            It defines the Shopify Shop in system.

28. Shopify Shop Product
            It Maps with each product with its shopify shop and inventory item.

